api: extend connect with `fetch_schema` param (#271)
tarantool/tarantool-python: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Support custom packer and unpacker factories (#191).

> 

Reviewer: We don't add newlines between changelog entries.

Author: Done

  to decrypt private SSL key file (#224).
- Support specifying authentication method with `auth_type`
  and Tarantool EE `pap-sha256` authentication method (#269).

> - Support of the fetch_schema parameter for connection (#219).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support `fetch_schema` parameter for a connection (#219).
```

Author: Done

> - Support of the fetch_schema parameter for connection (#219).

Author: Done
